cursor-agent-test/README.md, before:

# Sticky Notes App

A beautiful, skeuomorphic sticky notes application built with React. Create, edit, move, and delete notes that persist in localStorage.

## Features

- **Create Notes**: Click the "Add Note" button to create new sticky notes
- **Edit Notes**: Click on any note to edit its content
- **Drag & Drop**: Click and drag notes around the screen
- **Delete Notes**: Click the × button to remove notes
- **Persistent Storage**: All notes are saved in localStorage
- **Skeuomorphic Design**: Beautiful, realistic sticky note appearance
- **Random Colors**: Notes are created with random pastel colors

## How to Run

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Usage

- **Create**: Click the green "Add Note" button in the bottom right
- **Edit**: Click inside any note and start typing
- **Move**: Click and drag the note header to move it around
- **Delete**: Click the × button in the top right of each note

## Technologies Used

- React (Hooks: useState, useEffect, useRef)
- CSS3 (Gradients, Shadows, Animations)
- LocalStorage API
- Drag and Drop (Mouse Events)

Commit message:

Add search and filter feature with real-time highlighting
- Implemented SearchBar component with skeuomorphic design
- Added real-time search filtering for notes
- Highlight matching text in search results with yellow background
- Notes with matches have a subtle green glow animation
- Display count of matching notes vs total notes
- Clear search button to quickly reset the filter
- Prevent editing while searching to preserve highlighting

cursor-agent-test/README.md, after:

# Sticky Notes App

A beautiful, skeuomorphic sticky notes application built with React. Create, edit, move, and delete notes that persist in localStorage.

## Features

- **Create Notes**: Click the "Add Note" button to create new sticky notes
- **Edit Notes**: Click on any note to edit its content
- **Drag & Drop**: Click and drag notes around the screen
- **Delete Notes**: Click the × button to remove notes
- **Search & Filter**: Real-time search to quickly find notes by content
- **Persistent Storage**: All notes are saved in localStorage
- **Skeuomorphic Design**: Beautiful, realistic sticky note appearance
- **Random Colors**: Notes are created with random pastel colors
- **Search Highlighting**: Matching text is highlighted when searching

## How to Run

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm start
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

## Usage

- **Create**: Click the green "Add Note" button in the bottom right
- **Edit**: Click inside any note and start typing
- **Move**: Click and drag the note header to move it around
- **Delete**: Click the × button in the top right of each note
- **Search**: Use the search bar at the top to filter notes by content
- **Clear Search**: Click the × in the search bar to clear the search

## Technologies Used

- React (Hooks: useState, useEffect, useRef)
- CSS3 (Gradients, Shadows, Animations)
- LocalStorage API
- Drag and Drop (Mouse Events)
